docs/graphrag/msft_graphrag_1.md, before:

# Supporting Microsoft’s GraphRAG: Part 1 - Setup and Data Preparation

[Microsoft's GraphRAG](https://microsoft.github.io/graphrag/) is a method for creating structured knowledge graphs from raw text, enhancing Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) tasks. By organizing information hierarchically, it enables more efficient data retrieval and summarization.

## What You’ll Learn in This Guide

- **Indexing**: Utilize **Microsoft's GraphRAG** to convert unstructured documents into Parquet files.
- **Data Preprocessing**: Learn how to use utility methods provided by **TigerGraphX** to transform Parquet files into CSV files compatible with TigerGraph.

<!-- ![Indexing](../images/graphrag/indexing.png){: style="height:300px; display: block; margin: 0 auto;"} -->

---

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding, ensure you’ve completed the installation and setup steps outlined in the [Installation Guide](../getting_started/installation.md), including:

- Setting up Python and TigerGraph. For more details, refer to the [Requirements](../../getting_started/installation/#requirements) section.
- Install TigerGraphX along with its development dependencies. For more details, refer to the [Development Installation](../../getting_started/installation/#development-installation) section.

---

## Utilize Microsoft GraphRAG for Indexing

The indexing process transforms raw documents into structured data using Microsoft’s GraphRAG. Follow these steps to prepare your data:

### Data Preparation

#### Create an Input Folder
Create an `input` folder in the `data` directory under `applications/msft_graphrag` to store the documents you want to index. You can specify a different directory by replacing `data` with your desired path.

```bash
mkdir -p data/input
```

#### Add Documents to the Input Folder
Copy your documents into the `data/input` folder.

For this demo, we will use the dataset *A Christmas Carol* by Charles Dickens.

```
curl https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/24022/pg24022.txt -o data/input/book.txt
```

---

### Initialization

Initialize the indexing system in the `data` directory.

```bash
python3 -m graphrag init --root data
```

---

### Set Up OpenAI API Key

GraphRAG requires an OpenAI API key. To configure it:

1. Open the `.env` file in the `data` directory:
   ```bash
   vi data/.env
   ```
2. Add your API key:
   ```bash
   GRAPHRAG_API_KEY=<Your OpenAI API Key>
   ```

#### Optional: Switch to a Cost-Effective Model
GraphRAG uses the `gpt-4-turbo-preview` model by default. To reduce costs, switch to the `gpt-4o-mini` model by editing the `settings.yaml` file in the `data` directory:

```yaml
llm:
  api_key: ${GRAPHRAG_API_KEY}
  type: openai_chat # or azure_openai_chat
  model: gpt-4o-mini # Use a cost-effective model
```

---

### Indexing

Run the indexing process to convert documents into structured data. This step uses LLMs and may take several minutes depending on the dataset size and hardware.

```bash
python3 -m graphrag index --no-cache --root data
```

---

## Utilize TigerGraphX for Data Preprocessing

Transform the structured Parquet files generated by GraphRAG into CSV files that TigerGraph can import.

### Convert Parquet to CSV

Run the script below to convert Parquet files into TigerGraph-compatible CSV files. You can find the Python script [here](https://github.com/tigergraph/tigergraphx/blob/main/applications/msft_graphrag/data_import/convert_parquet_to_tg_csv.py).

```bash
python3 data_import/convert_parquet_to_tg_csv.py \
--input_dir data/output \
--output_dir data/tg_csv
```

### Export Data from LanceDB to CSV

Use the script below to export data from LanceDB into CSV files that are compatible with TigerGraph. You can access the Python script [here](https://github.com/tigergraph/tigergraphx/blob/main/applications/msft_graphrag/data_import/export_lancedb_to_csv.py).

```bash
python3 data_import/export_lancedb_to_csv.py \
--input_dir data/output/lancedb \
--output_dir data/tg_csv
```

### Transfer CSV Files to TigerGraph Server

Transfer the generated CSV files to your TigerGraph server. Use the following command, replacing `username` and `tigergraph-server` with your server credentials:

```bash
scp data/tg_csv/* username@tigergraph-server:/home/tigergraph/data/graphrag
```

---

## Next Steps

- [Supporting Microsoft’s GraphRAG: Part 2](msft_graphrag_2.ipynb): Use Jupyter Notebook to create the schema and load data into TigerGraph.

---

Start transforming your GraphRAG workflows with the power of **TigerGraphX** today!

Commit message:

docs: add evaluation content to MSFT GraphRAG

docs/graphrag/msft_graphrag_1.md, after:

# Supporting Microsoft’s GraphRAG: Part 1 - Setup and Data Preparation

[Microsoft's GraphRAG](https://microsoft.github.io/graphrag/) is a method for creating structured knowledge graphs from raw text, enhancing Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) tasks. By organizing information hierarchically, it enables more efficient data retrieval and summarization.

## What You’ll Learn in This Guide

- **Indexing**: Utilize **Microsoft's GraphRAG** to convert unstructured documents into Parquet files.
- **Data Preprocessing**: Learn how to use utility methods provided by **TigerGraphX** to transform Parquet files into CSV files compatible with TigerGraph.

<!-- ![Indexing](../images/graphrag/indexing.png){: style="height:300px; display: block; margin: 0 auto;"} -->

---

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding, ensure you’ve completed the installation and setup steps outlined in the [Installation Guide](../getting_started/installation.md), including:

- Setting up Python and TigerGraph. For more details, refer to the [Requirements](../../getting_started/installation/#requirements) section.
- Install TigerGraphX along with its development dependencies. For more details, refer to the [Development Installation](../../getting_started/installation/#development-installation) section.

---

## Utilize Microsoft GraphRAG for Indexing

The indexing process transforms raw documents into structured data using Microsoft’s GraphRAG. Follow these steps to prepare your data:

### Data Preparation

For this demo, we will use `applications/msft_graphrag/data` as the working directory.

The input dataset, `input/clapnq_dev_answerable_orig.jsonl.10.txt`, is located in the working directory. It consists of the first ten records from the [original dataset](https://github.com/primeqa/clapnq/blob/main/original_documents/dev/clapnq_dev_answerable_orig.jsonl).

Additionally, we have another dataset, `clapnq_dev_answerable.jsonl.10`, for evaluation, stored in `applications/resources`. This dataset contains ten questions from the [annotated dataset](https://github.com/primeqa/clapnq/blob/main/annotated_data/dev/clapnq_dev_answerable.jsonl), each with corresponding context from the original dataset.

---

### Initialization

Initialize the indexing system in the `data` directory.

```bash
python3 -m graphrag init --root data
```

---

### Set Up OpenAI API Key

GraphRAG requires an OpenAI API key. To configure it:

1. Open the `.env` file in the `data` directory:
   ```bash
   vi data/.env
   ```
2. Add your API key:
   ```bash
   GRAPHRAG_API_KEY=<Your OpenAI API Key>
   ```

#### Optional: Switch to a Cost-Effective Model
GraphRAG uses the `gpt-4-turbo-preview` model by default. To reduce costs, switch to the `gpt-4o-mini` model by editing the `settings.yaml` file in the `data` directory:

```yaml
llm:
  api_key: ${GRAPHRAG_API_KEY}
  type: openai_chat # or azure_openai_chat
  model: gpt-4o-mini # Use a cost-effective model
```

---

### Indexing

Run the indexing process to convert documents into structured data. This step uses LLMs and may take several minutes depending on the dataset size and hardware.

```bash
python3 -m graphrag index --no-cache --root data
```

---

## Utilize TigerGraphX for Data Preprocessing

Transform the structured Parquet files generated by GraphRAG into CSV files that TigerGraph can import.

### Convert Parquet to CSV

Run the script below to convert Parquet files into TigerGraph-compatible CSV files. You can find the Python script [here](https://github.com/tigergraph/tigergraphx/blob/main/applications/msft_graphrag/data_import/convert_parquet_to_tg_csv.py).

```bash
python3 data_import/convert_parquet_to_tg_csv.py \
--input_dir data/output \
--output_dir data/tg_csv
```

### Export Data from LanceDB to CSV

Use the script below to export data from LanceDB into CSV files that are compatible with TigerGraph. You can access the Python script [here](https://github.com/tigergraph/tigergraphx/blob/main/applications/msft_graphrag/data_import/export_lancedb_to_csv.py).

```bash
python3 data_import/export_lancedb_to_csv.py \
--input_dir data/output/lancedb \
--output_dir data/tg_csv
```

### Transfer CSV Files to TigerGraph Server

Transfer the generated CSV files to your TigerGraph server. Use the following command, replacing `username` and `tigergraph-server` with your server credentials:

```bash
scp data/tg_csv/* username@tigergraph-server:/home/tigergraph/data/graphrag
```

---

## Next Steps

- [Supporting Microsoft’s GraphRAG: Part 2](msft_graphrag_2.md): Use Jupyter Notebook to create the schema and load data into TigerGraph.

---

Start transforming your GraphRAG workflows with the power of **TigerGraphX** today!
